Python: Don't install deps by default for all users (#2031)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - We have disabled Python dependency installation for all users by default. This improves the speed of analysis while having only a very minor impact on results. You can override this behavior until CodeQL CLI 2.17.0 is released by setting `CODEQL_ACTION_DISABLE_PYTHON_DEPENDENCY_INSTALLATION=false` in your workflow. [#2031](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2031)

Reviewer: I don't think it's safe to give a precise version when we will remove this feature. How about this:

```suggestion
- We have disabled Python dependency installation for all users by default. This improves the speed of analysis while having only a very minor impact on results. You can override this behavior by setting `CODEQL_ACTION_DISABLE_PYTHON_DEPENDENCY_INSTALLATION=false` in your workflow. This feature will be removed in future versions of the CodeQL Action. [#2031](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2031)
```

When this feature is finally removed in 2.17.0, we can add another changelog entry.

Author: fine by me, thanks :heart:

## [UNRELEASED]

> - We are rolling out a feature in January 2024 that will disable Python dependency installation by default for all users. This improves the speed of analysis while having only a very minor impact on results. You can override this behavior by setting `CODEQL_ACTION_DISABLE_PYTHON_DEPENDENCY_INSTALLATION=false` in your workflow, however we plan to remove this ability in future versions of the CodeQL Action. [#2031](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2031)

Reviewer 2: [Non-blocking] Currently we disable Python dependency installation for CodeQL v2.16.0 and later, however the Action supports CodeQL versions all the way back to 2.11.6.  Do we plan to keep supporting Python dependency installation for old CLIs in the Action until support for v2.15.5 is deprecated in about a year from now?

Author: I had hoped to be able delete the `python-setup` folder and all the logic for dependency installation soon, but let's discuss this aspect some more :+1:

Reviewer 2: 👍 We can always start applying this to earlier CLI versions later on.  Happy to discuss!
